CNV-95197: File restore operator TP (#118614)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/backup_restore/virt-file-restore-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

[id="virt-file-restore-operator"]
= File Restore Operator
:context: virt-file-restore-operator

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Restore individual files and directories to running virtual machines from persistent volume claims or volume snapshots by using the File Restore Operator.

Reviewer: This sentence stacks three prepositional phrases in a row, to, from, and by, which increases parsing difficulty for global readers. Leading with the tool name follows the IBM Style Guide's guidance for global audiences to keep sentence structure simple in a subject verb object order.
```suggestion
Use the File Restore Operator to restore individual files and directories to running virtual machines from persistent volume claims or volume snapshots.
```
